earbuds are great and compact but
there's a reason why I'm always walking
around with a big set of headphones I
don't like the feeling of my ears being
plugged and I get irritation from having
stuff in my ears but there's something
in between big bulky headphones and
compact earbuds and that's open earbuds
these don't go in your canals instead
they sit outside of your ear like this
the issue is that they can kind of sound
like garbage but nothing thinks they
figured it out with the ear open they
promise a great sound set of headphones
that are also provide all of the
benefits of open earbuds at the very
least they look pretty dang cool uh
there's a QR code of course it looks
stylish and there is so going be like a
USBC cable for charging and there is a
nice short USBC cable and just in case
you needed another USBC Cable in your
life they got an instruction manual this
might not be the most compact way to
store these I'm kind of surprised they
didn't go for like more of a nested
option even this feels like it's a
little more pocketable I have pretty big
Pockets but let's let's let's try are
those the nothing buds or are you just
Happ to see me a lot of the time you're
going to end up with really bulky cases
and this is might be actually nicer case
is is plastic with a magnetic hinge it's
got an indicator LED that will tell you
the state for charging as well as for
pairing and these are held in place by
simple magnets and they connect to Pogo
pin so pretty typical they look pretty
dang cool I still love the fact that
they're going with the clear design like
you can see the layers of pcbs which are
really cool uh you can also kind of see
the the driver in the back I will say
one of the downsides of these is that
they are white and the color of this
white is going to be different than the
color of the plastic white on the inner
earbud quickly the ear hooks are a nice
Soft Touch silicone they're not like
firm metal though they just kind of have
like some spring in them to go back but
they're not the kind of thing that
you're going to shape and reposition
that means you might have some issues
with getting a good fit compared to
firmer armed headphones honestly they're
they're pretty comfortable and the nice
thing is it feels like I don't have
anything in my ears cuz I kind of don't
as you can see they just sit in front of
my beautiful ears people have always
complimented me on my ears keep doing it
in the comments below I also think
wonder if these are going to be a
problem for glasses users they feel like
they're going to fall
off shake your
head they're not yeah they're on there
but it does feel very precarious yeah
they claim 8 hours of battery life and
this guy right here and with the case
you get a total of 30 which is going to
be plenty for pretty much any listening
session that you'll be doing and if you
need to do a quick little recharge it
just takes 10 minutes to get 2 hours of
playback time I think it's kind of funny
how they've branded some things uh like
they call this open Sound technology
just because it doesn't go in your ears
which is honestly uh a benefit because
people like cyclists often when they're
on a commute they might want to have
some music playing but they also need to
be aware of their surroundings L they
get hit by a car because we have gnarly
bike infrastructure that doesn't allow
cyclists to be safe not only not only do
they have open Sound technology but
you're also going to have sound seal
technology because
you I don't get their sound seal
technology is not actually a seal of any
sort it's just a directional speaker
that they've put in here apparently
these are angled at a 50° angle so it
tries to shoot basically straight into
your ear canal so that this has a
minimum amount of bother for people
around you say if you're listening to
these at your desk and you don't want to
bug your co-workers or you have a very
private phone call they say soundwaves
at the front and the back back of the
bud cancel each other out I think that
that probably means they're using some
sort of active noise cancellation but
we'll try and figure that out later but
we're not going to be able to find out
exactly what they mean until we talk
about our sponsor MSI the weather might
be getting colder but MSI is turning up
the heat with some deals it's their fall
sale event they've got deals on
everything from entry-level gaming
laptops to powerful AI capable machines
for the gamers you can check out the MSI
Katana 15 it's great for running play
titles without breaking the bank or if
you need a productivity Powerhouse the
MSI Prestige Series has you covered with
the latest AI capable processors these
deals are spicier than the pumpkin spice
latte that you're probably sipping right
now so check out msi's fall Ready ha
sale using the link in the video
description let's get listening I want
to check this out cuz if I open them
like this do they just do the auto
pairing thing hey okay sweet they got
that the Quick Connect that is awesome
on Android feels like magic oh it's a
pinch mechanism single pinch play pause
answer and hangup calls double pinch
skip forward decline incoming call
Triple pinch skip back pinch and hold
right volume up left volume down that's
all we're in the app and they got an
equalizer which I love to see you can
use your band equalizer you can use you
can set custom frequencies that's so
nice so many equalizers are like you
just get what you get you get 12 bands
and you don't have any say oh
you can even adjust the Q factor which
controls the shape of your curve I'm
going to set them to default so that I
don't screw anything up but that's great
I'm so happy that they actually uh
implemented like a fully featured
equalizer no one else does this and then
you still have simple if you if you
aren't super picky which is amazing this
it's that easy it's that easy everybody
should be doing this especially brands
that have a background in high-end audio
Sennheiser doesn't do this focal doesn't
do this Sony doesn't do this nothing's
actually listening to what the Nerds
want looking through it if you tap them
you can see all of the different
controls you can modify the controls I
wish that you could modify every part of
the controls they do limit certain
options depending on it so like the
double pinch can only be skipped
backwards skip forward and voice AI
which apparently is you get chat GPT
with these I appreciate the level of
customization and you can also see your
case power and your headphone battery
power they also have a low latency mode
which gets the latency below 12 120
milliseconds which is like not really
that
impressive it's better than uh being
above 120 milliseconds uh that's for
sure thanks to having Bluetooth 5.3 you
get all of those features as well as
potential future features like orac cast
but don't buy anything based on future
features enough about the app let's just
take a listen ah yes Library the only
album in here Seas of cheese by Primus
can you hear what I'm listening to I
cannot or is it directed directly into
my ears can you hear it no I can't hear
anything I can't hear you I'm too let me
turn it down a little First Impressions
is they sound pretty good but there's
something that is really really
important and that's that that even just
slight adjustments to how these are
positioned on your ears will have a
massive effect on the sound the
difference between this and this is a
noticeable change in sound and you're
probably going to do that just from
adjusting for comfort so your experience
and my experience listening could vary
massively just because of the shapes of
our ears so remember that fact as we go
into the testing numbers that we got
from our friends at headphones.com
thanks guys starting at the low end of
our frequency response chart you can see
that there's very little subbase and
that's basically the consequence of just
not having a good seal however as you
get up to the 100 HZ region you have a
decent Basse response and I agree it's
enough to get the job done to
communicate most of the sound that
you're going to be hearing from
instruments and it does a great job in
the mid-range but that tinniness that I
mentioned kind of pops up and you can
see that in these peaks in the high end
around 5 khz and 9 khz it uh ends up
making a little bit of a bright sound
that they can make it sound a little
cheap and maybe even irritating if you
have particular sensitivities to
frequencies in those ranges basically
this is the kind of shape that we'd
expect from headphones like these though
you can see that there's a lot of
variants across the different testing
they did the purple line is going to be
the average of all the tests the gray
lines are the recordings from each
individual test thankfully they did
include that really in-depth equalizer
so you could tailor this to sound the
best for you but you're probably not
ever going to have any real success in
with the subbase for me these sound I
would say good maybe they're a little
Hollow in the top end a little tiny
decent Basse response that is until you
turn the volume up and there's a point
where they just can't add more base and
the only thing that they add is more
treble which in the context of you're
trying to use these out and about or in
a louder area and maybe you're trying to
take a call that's okay because you're
going to hear the details of speech but
it just music at the top volume just
sounds bad when you have a nice tight
seal it is easier to produce good Bas
frequencies that's why closed back
headphones and say airpods Pro will have
a better base response on something that
doesn't seal like airpods normal or
these Let's test those claims about
privacy and sound leakage uh B you want
to come over here 30% volume but it's
we're not in the main part of the song
we're just going to wait a little bit
we'll skip to the lyrics I can hear a
little bit but nothing I you make out
what the song is I couldn't make out
what song it is okay I'm going to turn
up we're at about 50% volume
you know this song yeah if I was sitting
next on the bus I wouldn't be upset like
it's not that loud but here's the thing
is that it's not very loud in my ears
like if I if I was on the bus I don't
know if I would be able to really hear
much over the sound of the bus cuz if I
get louder that's when I get to the
point where the bass drops off and now
it's and now it's just like it doesn't
sound very good I can hear everything
very clearly now this is a test
recording of the nothing ear open I hope
they sound good if I go s huh right
or how do they sound let me know overall
what do I think I think that if you are
somebody looking for a pair of open
earbuds these are a good option I
appreciate the features that they pack
they also are rated for ip54 Ingress
Protection so pretty nice you could wear
them when your work out 150
bucks I think there really are something
that you need to try I would not give a
recommendation because everyone's ears
are shaped different these might not be
the product for you are they a bad value
absolutely not I think they're a pretty
decent product for what they are but do
not blindly buy them and throw away the
receipt but you know what you can throw
away the receipt on this video cuz it's
over if you like this video why don't
you check out our coverage on the shocks
headphones